Write

Michael D. Callaghan
Your membership will expire on March 16, 2025Reactivate membership


Alain Boudard
Top highlight
Meet Angular v19

Minko Gechev
Angular Blog
Minko Gechev
·
Following
Published in
Angular Blog
·
18 min read
·
Nov 19, 2024
3.3K

54




In the past two years we doubled down on our investment in developer experience and performance — in every single
release we’ve been consistently shipping improvements that multiply their impact when combined together. Seeing the
positive community response and increased engagement in our developer events is validating that we’ve been moving in the
right direction. Today’s release is bringing a series of improvements that will make it even easier for you to deliver
fast web apps with confidence.
A few highlights:
Developer preview of incremental hydration supporting the most performance demanding use cases
Control which routes render on the client, server, or during a build and resolve route parameters during prerendering
Schematics to keep you up to date with the latest best practices — inputs, outputs, queries, inject-based dependency
injection, and new build system
Stabilization of core reactivity primitives and introduction of new ones: linkedSignal and resource
Series of quality of life improvements addressing feature requests with more than 2,700 👍 on GitHub! This includes time
picker component, unused import removal, running schematics via the language service, HMR for styles, and more!
Banner with the Angular logo saying “v19 is now available”
You can watch a quick overview of the release from our special event video. For a more holistic list of the features and
improvements in v19, continue reading below.
Build for speed
Evolving Angular we see the opportunity to enable best performance practices out of the box, so that we can support your
performance-sensitive use cases. In the past two years we kicked off a project to enable zoneless Angular, made
server-side rendering an integral part of the Angular CLI, and worked closely with Chrome Aurora on hydration and the
image directive.
In version 19, we’re elevating Angular server-side rendering to another level with incremental hydration, server route
configuration, event replay enabled by default, and more.
Building large web apps increases the amount of JavaScript we ship to the user, which negatively impacts user
experience. In v17 we made it trivial to lazily load code with deferrable views for client-side rendered apps. For
server-side rendered applications we introduced full-app hydration which requires all the JavaScript associated with a
given page to make it interactive. Today, we’re delivering a solution to the server that is inspired by deferrable
views!
Welcome incremental hydration in developer preview
Incremental hydration allows you to annotate parts of your template, using already familiar @defer syntax, instructing
Angular to load and hydrate them on specific triggers, lazily.
A demo showing incremental hydration. On the gif there’s an ecommerce website which is server-side rendered. At first
everything is grayed out because the app is rendered, but none of the scripts associated with the UI are loaded. When
the user engages with the side nav, Angular hydrates this content and changes the color. When the user engages with the
items on the page, Angular hydrates the content and removes the grayed out styles.
Incremental hydration demo
The demo above shows incremental hydration in action for a server-side rendered page. There are three visual effects
that we’ve added to the demo app code to better illustrate what’s going on:
A component in grayscale filter shows that Angular hasn’t loaded and hydrated it yet
Angular downloads a component from the network when the component starts pulsing
Angular has downloaded and hydrated the component when there’s a purple border around it and the component no longer has
a grayscale filter
Additionally, the demo app has an artificial delay of 500ms for each loading operation, so that we can easily explore
different states.
Notice that at the beginning everything besides the top bar is grayed out. This means that at this point we have not
downloaded any of the JavaScript associated with the page. When the user engages with the filter component at the top
left, Angular downloads it (visually indicated by pulsing), and after that hydrates it (demonstrated with the purple
glow around the component).
Later on, we continue interacting with the page and incrementally hydrate the rest of the components.
Even without the artificial delay, Angular will download and hydrate the component asynchronously, which means that we
have to replay the user event. For this functionality we’re using the event replay functionality we introduced in
Angular version 18, which powers Google Search.
When you update to Angular v19, you can try the new incremental hydration in any application that already uses SSR and
full application hydration. In your client bootstrap, specify:
import { provideClientHydration, withIncrementalHydration } from '@angular/platform-browser';

// ...
provideClientHydration(withIncrementalHydration());
To apply incremental hydration to a portion of your template use:
@defer (hydrate on viewport) {
<shopping-cart />
}
When your app loads, Angular will not download and hydrate the shopping-cart component until it enters the viewport. You
can read more about incremental hydration in the documentation.
We’re grateful to everyone who shared their thoughts in the incremental hydration RFC and to our beta testers. Thank you
for helping us improve Angular!
Event replay is enabled by default
A common problem in server-side rendered apps in any framework is the gap that occurs between a user event and the
browser downloading and executing the code responsible for handling the event. We already touched on this in the
incremental hydration section.
Last May we shared the event dispatch library, which addresses this use case. Event dispatch captures events during
initial page load and replays them when the code responsible for handling the events is available. Event dispatch is the
same library that the Wiz team developed for Google Search and it has been battle tested by billions of users over the
past ten years.
You can enable event replay feature in Angular by configuring your hydration provider:
// For new projects the Angular CLI will generate this code by default
bootstrapApplication(App, {
providers: [
provideClientHydration(withEventReplay())
]
});
The result will be similar to the visualization on the gif below. When the browser renders the app for the first time it
hasn’t downloaded any JavaScript yet, which we visualize by using gray color for the UI. You can see that in the
meantime the user clicks multiple times on the “Add to cart” button. In the background, event dispatch records all these
events. When the JavaScript responsible for handling the click events loads, event dispatch replays the events which
reflects in the number of items in the shopping cart:
A gif showing the event replay functionality. The user clicks on the “Add to cart” 4 times, which triggers hydration.
Once Angular hydrates the user interface the 4 event the framework replays the events which adds 4 items to the cart.
Demo of event relay
Over the past six months, we verified that this approach works really well with Angular. Today, we’re graduating event
replay to stable and enabling it by default for all new applications that use server-side rendering!
Route-level render mode
When you enable server-side rendering in your app, by default Angular will server-side render all the parametrized
routes in your app and prerender all routes without parameters.
In v19, we provide a new interface called ServerRoute which allows you to configure whether the individual routes should
be server-side rendered, prerendered, or rendered on the client side:
export const serverRouteConfig: ServerRoute[] = [
{ path: '/login', mode: RenderMode.Server },
{ path: '/dashboard', mode: RenderMode.Client },
{ path: '/**', mode: RenderMode.Prerender },
];
In the example above we specify that we want Angular to render the login route on the server, the dashboard route on the
client, and to prerender all other routes. The server route config is a new configuration file, but it composes your
existing route declarations with globs, so you don’t have to duplicate any routes.
In the past, there was no ergonomic way to resolve route parameters at prerender time. With the server route
configuration this is now seamless:
export const routeConfig: ServerRoute = [{
path: '/product/:id',
mode: 'prerender',
async getPrerenderPaths() {
const dataService = inject(ProductService);
const ids = await dataService.getIds(); // ["1", "2", "3"]
return ids.map(id => ({ id })); // `id` is used in place of `:id` in the route path.
},
}];
Since Angular executes getPrerenderPaths in an injection context, you can use inject to reuse your business logic in the
parameter resolution.
This feature is now in developer preview! You can read more about route-level render modes in our documentation.
Server-side rendering with Zoneless Angular
In v18 we introduced experimental support for zoneless which allows Angular to function without having a dependency on
zone.js. Historically, zone.js has been a critical component in Angular’s server-side rendering story, notifying the
serving stack when the framework has completed rendering and the markup of the page is ready.
We identified that the main reasons to wait for apps are pending requests and navigation. We introduced a primitive that
we use in the Angular HttpClient and the Router to delay sending the page to the user until the app is ready. You can
experiment with both of these packages and zoneless in v19 today!
In addition to this, we provide a RxJS operator which enables you to notify the serving stack that Angular is still not
done rendering:
subscription
.asObservable()
.pipe(
pendingUntilEvent(injector),
catchError(() => EMPTY),
)
.subscribe();
When the subscription emits a new value, we’ll make the app stable and the serving stack will pass the rendered markup
to the client.
Developer experience
We’ve been deeply focused on enabling you to build fast apps from the start. Just as important we see making sure you
develop these apps efficiently. Today we have a few exciting improvements that we can’t wait to share with you!
Instant edit/refresh with hot module replacement
Angular v19 supports hot module replacement (HMR) for styles out of the box and enables experimental support for
template HMR behind a flag!
Prior to this improvement, every time you change the style or template of a component and save the file, Angular CLI
would rebuild your app and send a notification to the browser which would refresh.
Our new HMR will compile the style or template you modified, send the result to the browser, and patch your app without
a page refresh and any state loss. That way you’ll have a faster turnaround cycle and uninterrupted flow state.
A gif showing how we edit the styles of the h2 element in the app by setting its color to red and font-size to 2.3em.
The change gets reflected in the app without a page refresh.
Style hot-module replacement in the Angular CLI
Hot module replacement for styles is enabled by default in v19! To try HMR for templates use:
NG_HMR_TEMPLATES=1 ng serve
To disable this feature specify "hmr": false as a development server option, or alternatively use:
ng serve --no-hmr
Standalone defaults to true
We introduced standalone components over two years ago in v14. In the last developer survey over 90% of developers said
they are using this feature. As part of v19 we are providing a schematic that will run as part of ng update and will
automatically remove the standalone component metadata property for all your standalone directives, components, and
pipes and set standalone to false for all non-standalone abstractions.
For more information, check our update guide on update.angular.dev. Thanks Matthieu Riegler for this contribution!
Strict standalone enforcement
To help you enforce modern APIs in your project, we developed a compiler flag that will throw an error if it discovers a
component, directive, or a pipe that is not standalone. To enable it in your projects configure tsconfig.json:
{
"angularCompilerOptions": {
"strictStandalone": true
}
}
State of testing tooling
Since we introduced experimental Jest and Web Test Runner support in the Angular CLI, we continued evaluating the space
and gathering feedback from developers.
In the unit testing space, we believe in real browser testing to ensure we have the same environment across testing and
production. To support developers to move to the new esbuild-based builder, in v19 we are introducing developer preview
support for Karma to use the application builder by setting the builderMode option. This improves build times for unit
tests and allows users to more easily leverage application builder-specific features like file loaders without breaking
tests.
With Karma being deprecated, in the first half of 2025 we’ll continue evaluating the existing test runners to pick our
default recommendation that we’ll move forward with. Follow our blog and X for announcements and surveys.
Secure from the start
We collaborated with the security team at Google on a developer preview feature for automatic generation of a hash-based
Strict Content Security Policy based on scripts in index.html.
Using hash-based CSP, the browser will add the hash of every inline script to the CSP. Each script will have a unique
hash associated with it. That will prevent an attacker from running a malicious script on your page because for the
browser to execute the script, its hash needs to be present in the CSP.
Currently, autoCSP is available in developer preview as an opt-in. To use it in your apps, configure the application
builder by setting the autoCSP property to true under security within your project in angular.json.
Evolving reactivity
A core theme for Angular over the past two years has been evolving our reactivity system. In version 19, we’re excited
to share a couple of new complimentary APIs and the stabilization of some of the fundamental reactivity APIs we
introduced in previous versions, such as input, output, and view queries.
Stabilization of inputs, outputs, and view queries
Over the past year, we observed how developers are using the new input, output, and view query APIs and we’re graduating
them to stable! To simplify the adoption of these new APIs, we developed schematics that will transform your existing
inputs, outputs, and view queries:
ng generate @angular/core:signal-input-migration
ng generate @angular/core:signal-queries-migration
ng generate @angular/core:output-migration
Note that signal inputs are read-only in contrast to traditional inputs, so you may need to migrate parts of your
application manually if you’re setting input values.
To run all these migrations at once, you can use the joint alias:
ng generate @angular/core:signals
You can read more about inputs, outputs, and view queries in our documentation.
Modernize your code via the language service
To make it frictionless for you to update your code to the latest APIs, we introduced an integration between schematics
and Angular’s language service.
A gif showing how in VSCode a developer hovers an Angular input. The Angular language service shows a pop up asking if
the developer wants to change it to a signal input. The developer selects that option and the language service updates
the input to a signal-based, by also changing the template.
Language service integration with schematics
When you update the Angular language service and your project to v19, you can directly update your inputs, queries, and
more to the latest APIs directly from your code editor!
Introducing linked signals
In developer feedback as well as observing how applications in the wild use Angular signals, we saw an opportunity to
better serve a common use case with a new primitive. Often in UIs, there’s a need for mutable state that still tracks
some higher level state. For example, a selection UI has a “current selection” state which changes as the user makes
selections, but also needs to reset if the list of options changes. The new linkedSignal primitive creates a writable
signal which captures this type of dependency:
const options = signal(['apple', 'banana', 'fig']);

// Choice defaults to the first option, but can be changed.
const choice = linkedSignal(() => options()[0]);
console.log(choice()); // apple

choice.set('fig');
console.log(choice()); // fig

// When options change, choice resets to the new default value.
options.set(['peach', 'kiwi']);
console.log(choice()); // peach
linkedSignal clearly expresses the relationship between options and choice without resorting to an effect usage. The new
API has 2 forms: a simplified (presented here) and an advanced one where a developer has access to previous values of
options and choice. It also has an advanced API which allows for more complex logic such as maintaining the user’s
choice as long as it exists in the new list of options.
This new API is experimental, so please give it a try and let us know what you think!
Introducing resource
So far, signals in Angular have focused on synchronous data: storing state in signals, computed values, inputs, queries,
etc. In Angular v19, we’re taking our first steps towards integrating signals with asynchronous operations by
introducing a new experimental resource() API. A resource is an asynchronous dependency that participates in the signal
graph. You can think of a resource as having three parts:
1. A request function, which expresses the exact request to be made in terms of signals. For example, a user resource
might compute a request that depends on a user ID parameter in the current route.
2. A loader, which performs an asynchronous operation when the request changes, and ultimately returns a new value.
3. The resulting Resource instance, which exposes signals that communicate both the value (when available) as well as
the current status of the resource (loading, resolved, errored, etc).
@Component(...)
export class UserProfile {
userId = input<number>();

    userService = inject(UserService);

    user = resource({
    request: this.userId,
    loader: async ({request: id}) => await userService.getUser(id),
    });
    }
    We’re offering resource() as an independent, experimental API today in order to test the APIs and gain early
    feedback from developers. Over time, we expect to gradually incorporate support for resources more deeply into
    Angular (for example, into the router as a form of resolver) as a key part of the async story in applications.
    Because many Angular applications today use RxJS for data fetching, we’ve also added rxResource to
    @angular/core/rxjs-interop which creates a resource from an Observable-based loader.
    State of the effects API
    For the past couple of versions we’ve been keeping effect in developer preview to observe how developers have been
    using them. Based on your feedback, prior to v19, we introduced a change in the timing of effect to better serve
    your use cases. You can read more about the change and our process evolving the API on our blog.
    As a core primitive in the new reactivity APIs, we’d want to take our time and make sure to get effect’s semantics
    right. We’ll keep this API in developer preview to open the door for changes if we discover use cases we haven’t
    taken into consideration yet.
    State of zoneless
    Six months ago we introduced experimental zoneless support to Angular. Since then, we’ve been iterating over the
    APIs and enhancing them — adding support for server-side rendering and improving the testing experience. We also
    partnered with the Google Fonts team to make their application zoneless and evaluate the developer experience. The
    results and the ease of the transition to zoneless exceeded our expectations, but there are still a few more
    polishing touches we want to put in place before moving this API to developer preview.
    In 2025 we’ll continue improving zoneless. In the meantime, make sure you give it a try in your app bootstrap and
    let us know what’s your experience with it! The easiest way to create a zoneless project is using the Angular CLI:
    ng new [project-name] --experimental-zoneless
    Thanks to Angelo Parziale for this community contribution!
    In existing applications you can use the experimental zoneless provider:
    bootstrapApplication(App, {
    providers: [
    provideExperimentalZonelessChangeDetection()
    ]
    });
    Next, make sure you remove zone.js from the polyfills section of your angular.json.
    Advancing Angular Material and the CDK
    Earlier this year we shipped Material 3 as stable, which makes our material components more customizable with a
    powerful Sass theming API powered by design tokens. In v19 we’re introducing enhancements to the theming API by
    making it easier to customize your components!
    Enhanced theming API
    With Material 3 we enabled you to create custom themes using component-specific mixins:
    @use '@angular/material' as mat;

    @include mat.core();

    $light-theme: mat.define-theme((
    color: (
    primary: mat.$violet-palette,
    tertiary: mat.$orange-palette,
    theme-type: light
    ),
    typography: Roboto,
    density: 0
    ));

    html {
    // Apply the light theme by default
    @include mat.core-theme($light-theme);
    @include mat.button-theme($light-theme);
    @include mat.card-theme($light-theme);
    // and 27 more...
    ...
    }
    With this highly customizable API, you often end up duplicating code for your individual components. To simplify the
    creation of custom themes, in v19 we enabled a more expressive API that allows you to declare a custom theme using a
    single mixin — mat.theme:
    @use '@angular/material' as mat;

    html {
    @include mat.theme((
    color: (
    primary: mat.$violet-palette,
    tertiary: mat.$orange-palette,
    theme-type: light
    ),
    typography: Roboto,
    density: 0
    ));
    }
    Component overrides
    To customize the styles of individual components you can use the new override API we provide in Sass:
    @include mat.sidenav-overrides(
    (
    'content-background-color': purple,
    'container-divider-color': orange,
    )
    );
    The snippet above will override the content background and content divider colors to purple and orange respectively,
    while preserving the original values for the remaining design tokens respecting your configured app theme.
    Two-dimensional drag and drop
    Making Angular CDK more powerful, we developed support for two-dimensional drag & drop in the CDK which was quite a
    popular feature request with 311 👍 on GitHub.
    Here’s a quick snippet of how you can use this functionality of the CDK:
    <div cdkDropList cdkDropListOrientation="mixed" <!-- specify mixed orientation -->
        ...>
        @for (item of mixedTodo; track item) {
        <div cdkDrag>
            {{item}}
            <mat-icon cdkDragHandle svgIcon="dnd-move"></mat-icon>
        </div>
        }
    </div>
    And the result will be something like:
    A gif showing the user drag items in a collection of items. There are two rows of boxes and the user moves boxes
    across the two rows.
    Demo of drag & drop with mixed orientation
    Find out more in the documentation.
    Support tab reordering
    Another feature request we shipped recently is support for tab reordering with the Angular CDK (24 👍). Using this
    functionality you can easily make tabs draggable, which the Google Cloud Console team immediately landed in BigQuery
    via Angular and the CDK:
    A gif showing the UI of the query editor in BigQuery. The user moves tabs around.
    BigQuery draggable tabs
    New time picker component
    One of the most popular feature requests, with more than 1.3k 👍 on GitHub, has been a time picker component for
    Angular Material. We didn’t immediately implement it because there was no strict spec for it, but given the demand
    we created a design which aligns with your requirements and accessibility standards and shipped it in v19!
    A UI showing the user changing the time selection in a time picker component.
    Basic use of the time picker component
    You can use it in your Angular apps today! Find more in the documentation.
    And there’s more!
    Together with the major improvements we shipped across our main themes: performance, reactivity, developer
    experience, and standalone, we also have a slew of quality of life improvements that make it even more enjoyable to
    build Angular apps!
    Reporting unused imports in standalone components
    Reporting unused imports in standalone components has been one of the most requested features with over 150 👍!
    Starting in v19, Angular CLI will report a warning for your unused imports, similar to the gif below:

    Additionally, the Angular language service will highlight such unused imports and provide the functionality to auto
    remove them directly in your IDE or text editor.
    To suppress this check, you can update your angular.json:
    {
    "angularCompilerOptions": {
    "extendedDiagnostics": {
    "checks": {
    "unusedStandaloneImports": "suppress"
    }
    }
    }
    }
    Command-line environment variable declaration
    The most highly requested feature in the Angular CLI repository with over 350 👍 is enabling the ability to pass
    environment variables during build time.
    Starting v19, you can use the --define flag to achieve this:
    ng build --define "apiKey='$API_KEY'"
    declare const apiKey: string;

    await fetch(`/api/data?apiKey=${apiKey}`);
    Local variables in templates
    Over the years we got hundreds of feature requests to introduce syntax for local variable declaration (443 👍) in
    the templates. For many years, unfortunately, we didn’t have the optimal syntactical construct to do that.
    With the new block syntax for the built-in control flow and deferrable views we designed a solution which meets
    developers needs for local template variable declaration. We shipped this feature in developer preview as part of
    Angular v18.1. After observing how developers are using this new syntax, we’re now graduating it to stable!
    It works elegantly with template references and with the async pipe:
    <!-- Use with a template variable referencing an element -->
    <input #name>

    @let greeting = 'Hello ' + name.value;

    <!-- Use with an async pipe -->
    @let user = user$ | async;
    Evolving apps with unfolding best practices
    It’s one of our core values to evolve your apps together with Angular and the Web platform. To ensure your apps are
    using latest APIs and best practices, we shipped multiple improvements:
    Flipping the default value of standalone to true, which simplifies the metadata of all your standalone components,
    directives and pipes. It’s a migration that the CLI will automatically run when you update your project
    Optional schematic to transform your constructor-based dependency injection to inject function calls by running ng
    generate @angular/core:inject-migration
    Optional schematic that moves your eagerly loaded routes to lazy routes. Thanks to Enea Jahollari for this community
    contribution!
    Optional schematic to transform your decorator-based inputs, queries, and outputs to the latest APIs: ng generate
    @angular/core:signal-input-migration, ng generate @angular/core:signal-queries-migration, ng generate
    @angular/core:output-migration
    Support new clustering API in @angular/googe-maps! You can find the original feature request on GitHub (26 👍).
    Removed the Protractor builder to enable a path forward with supported e2e testing tools
    And an opt-in migration that will move your project to the application builder that uses esbuild and vite
    Big thanks to the Angular community
    We, as developers, are building a product specifically for other developers like you. We wouldn’t be here without
    the incredible support and contributions of the Angular community. Each of you plays a vital role in shaping
    Angular’s future.
    Your feedback, open-source packages, and active participation in meetups and conferences help us make Angular better
    every day. The knowledge you share on platforms like StackOverflow, Discord, Reddit, Telegram and others empowers
    developers worldwide.
    We invite you to join this vibrant community, online or locally. This year alone, ten Angular conferences were held
    across the globe, from Belgium, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Kenya, Macedonia, Poland, Serbia, USA. These events
    are fantastic opportunities to connect with fellow developers, learn about the latest advancements, and share your
    expertise.
    Angular logo surrounded by the flags of Germany, Serbia, Israel, India, Poland, Belgium, Italy, Macedonia, USA,
    Kenya symbolizing the community Angular conferences in 2024.
    If you’ve organized an Angular conference that’s not on our list, please let us know at devrel@angular.io so we can
    spread the word.
    We’d also like to thank all the 247 contributors between our last two major releases who helped us shape v19.
    Let’s continue to learn, grow, and build amazing things with Angular!
    Onward to 2025!
    Over the past year we worked hard on all the features we shipped as part of this release. We also connected with
    hundreds of developers to collect your feedback and understand how we can best support you in 2025. We’re in the
    process of going through our notes and the results of our developer satisfaction survey to validate our assumptions.
    A couple of core themes that keep occurring again and again are around modernizing Angular’s authoring experience
    and rethinking our unit testing recommendations. We’re planning to do a thorough research in this space early next
    year and share our findings with you to collect feedback before making any decisions. In the meantime, we’ll
    continue putting polishing touches on our reactivity APIs, bringing incremental DX improvements across the board and
    evolving Angular’s performance to enable you to build web apps with confidence!
    Thank you for helping us shape Angular and onward to 2025! 🚀
    Angular
    JavaScript
    Typescript
    Web Development
    3.3K

    54



    Angular Blog
    Published in Angular Blog
    56K Followers
    ·
    Last published Jan 13, 2025
    The latest news and tips from the Angular team
    Following
    Minko Gechev
    Written by Minko Gechev
    43K Followers
    ·
    1 Following
    Product and DevRel lead for Angular at Google.
    Following
    Responses (54)
    Michael D. Callaghan
    Michael D. Callaghan
    What are your thoughts?﻿
    Cancel
    Respond
    Respond

    Also publish to my profile
    Miroslav Mihalakev
    Miroslav Mihalakev
    Nov 19, 2024

    Finally a Time picker, thank you ;)
    180
    Reply
    Alexey Makhrov
    Alexey Makhrov
    Nov 19, 2024

    ```
    user = resource({
    request: user,
    ```
    should it be `request: this.userId` in this example?
    103

    1 reply
    Reply
    zygarios
    zygarios
    Nov 19, 2024

    HMR! Finally! Thank you for that
    85
    Reply
    See all responses
    More from Minko Gechev and Angular Blog
    Angular Tools for High Performance
    Angular Tools for High Performance
    This post, contains a list of new tools and practices that can help us build faster Angular apps and monitor their
    performance over time…
    Aug 28, 2019
    2.3K
    10


    Discontinued Long Term Support for AngularJS
    Discontinued Long Term Support for AngularJS
    In January of 2018 we laid out our plans for the final releases of AngularJS before entering long-term support and
    last year, we extended…
    Jan 11, 2022
    737
    6


    Support for isolatedModules available in angular v18.2
    Using isolatedModules in Angular 18.2
    Authors: Mark Thompson Charles Lyding
    Aug 19, 2024
    575
    4


    Angular CLI Strict Mode
    Angular CLI Strict Mode
    In Angular, we strongly believe in consistency and best practices. For example, we adopted TypeScript in its early
    days because we wanted…
    Aug 26, 2020
    1.2K
    12


    See all from Minko Gechev
    See all from Angular Blog
    Recommended from Medium
    Upgrading to Angular version 19
    Upgrading to Angular version 19
    Angular SSR update, and deprecated tokens
    Dec 19, 2024
    21
    1


    This new IDE just destroyed VS Code and Copilot without even trying
    This new IDE just destroyed VS Code and Copilot without even trying
    Wow I never thought the day I stop using VS Code would come so soon…

    Jan 17
    1.5K
    73


    Lists



    General Coding Knowledge
    20 stories
    ·
    1882 saves


    Stories to Help You Grow as a Software Developer
    19 stories
    ·
    1572 saves



    Coding & Development
    11 stories
    ·
    983 saves
    An image by the author.
    iPhone displaying the new intelligent Siri

    Tech & Tools
    22 stories
    ·
    388 saves
    Advanced Structural Design Patterns in Angular
    Advanced Structural Design Patterns in Angular

    Jan 16
    60


    RxJS ang Signals
    RxSignals: The most powerful synergy in the history of Angular
    Let’s explore why Signals allow us to move state management out of RxJS, letting it focus primarily on event-driven
    tasks.
    4d ago
    473
    9


    Angular 19: Transforming HTTP API Calls with Signals and Resources
    Angular 19: Transforming HTTP API Calls with Signals and Resources
    Modern Angular development continues to evolve with each version, bringing new features and paradigms that enhance
    developer experience and…
    Jan 1
    138
    5


    OK, Angular 19 is amazing…🔥 Everything new!
    OK, Angular 19 is amazing…🔥 Everything new!
    Incremental Hydration, Signals, SSR and More

    Jan 11
    151
    3


    See more recommendations
    Help
    Status
    About
    Careers
    Press
    Blog
    Privacy
    Terms
    Text to speech
    Teams